Rolling Stone – Music, Film, TV and Political News Coverage × Skip to main content Click to expand the Mega Menu RS Shop Got A Tip? Rollingstone Logo Rollingstone Logo Log In Account Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Click to expand the Mega Menu Music Politics TV & Movies (Sub)Culture RS Recommends Click to Expand Search Input Click to expand the Mega Menu Click to Expand Search Input Rollingstone Logo Got A Tip? Account Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Log In Fatman Scoop Suffers Medical Emergency on Stage, Transported to Hospital The rapper appeared to collapse while performing in Hamden, Connecticut Scoop Update By Charisma Madarang Oasis Warn Scalped Tour Tickets Will Be Canceled That's The Ticket By Ethan Millman Matthew Perry's Doctor 'Incredibly Remorseful' Over Role in Actor's Ketamine Death: Lawyer Accepts 'Responsibility' By Nancy Dillon Trump Eats Words, Says He'll Vote to Preserve Florida's Six-Week Abortion Ban Waffling By Charisma Madarang The 40 Best Oasis Songs The Gallagher brothers' finest moments — from Nineties classics to obscure gems brit summer By Rolling Stone The 50 Most Anticipated New Movies of Fall 2024 From the much-anticipated Joker sequel to a Bob Dylan biopic, from Anora to Wicked — your complete guide to what to see this autumn at the movies FALL PREVIEW By David Fear Kathryn Hahn on the Return of Agatha and Her MCU Future With her WandaVision spin-off Agatha All Along set to premiere Sept. 18, the actor takes us inside the show, working with co-star Aubrey Plaza, and more Witchcraft By Brian Hiatt Songs You Need To Know Best New Music From Victoria Monét, Usher, Doechii, A$AP Rocky 500 Greatest Songs How Donna Summer’s ‘I Feel Love’ Changed Pop Music Forever Music Now The Birth of Prog and More with Yes Guitarist Steve Howe Photo Gallery Afropunk Blktopia 2024 The Latest Drew Barrymore Says She Regrets Being an ‘Exhibitionist’ in Her Youth, 'Playboy' Cover "I never knew there would be an internet. I didn't know so many things," Barrymore wrote on social media Friday Looking Back Barry Manilow Claims Company That Bought Music Rights Owes Him $1.5 Million Manilow and his management company Stiletto Entertainment sued Hipgnosis four years after a $7.5 million deal to sell the rights to his master royalties 💸💸💸 Carla Morrison 'Touched' After Billie Eilish Said She 'Inspired' One of Her Songs Eilish wrote "Wish You Were Gay" after listening to the Mexican singer's "Eres Tú" Two Queens Camila Cabello Announces New Song 'Godspeed' With Pointed Breakup Lyric Cabello will continue her C, XOXO era with extended Magic City deluxe edition of her album 'Wish you well' Maren Morris Says Son Faced Death Threats After She Criticized Morgan Wallen Over Racial Slur "You open up a whole can of worms of crazy people and pundits that kick box the hell out of you" 'Dangerous and Scary' Incubus Go Back to the Garden Backstage with Incubus at their 'Morning View' anniversary show at Madison Square Garden. Photo Gallery Read more Creators Special 2024 25 Most Influential Creators of 2024 From TikTok mainstays and Instagram stars to streaming heavyweights and YouTube legends, here's this year's biggest players By Rolling Stone Photo Gallery Ralph Steadman on Art, Poetry, and Hunter S. Thompson’s Mean Streak Ahead of a career-spanning retrospective in Washington, D.C., the legendary gonzo illustrator looks back on his sketchy life. By Kory Grow The Rolling Stone Interview Francis Ford Coppola: ‘I Have Nothing Left to Lose’ The filmmaker opens up about four decades of chasing 'Megalopolis,' how 'The Godfather' changed his life, and what's next for him By David Fear Cover Story Ice Spice on Success, Haters, and Her Debut Album: ‘I Won, Bro’ The Bronx-born rapper became a symbol of stardom for a generation raised on TikTok’s For You Page. Next up: a debut that proves she’s more than a viral sensation By Jeff Ihaza record shop of horrors The 50 Worst Album Covers of All Time From rock to rap to country and beyond, it’s an assortment of images that you can’t unsee no matter how hard you try By Gavin Edwards Your Essential Guide to Buying Broadway Tickets Online GIVE MY REGARDS The Best Early Labor Day Deals Worth Shopping Right Now, From Amazon to Nike LABOR DAY DEALS From ‘Coconut’ Tees to Camo Hats, Fan-Made Kamala Walz 2024 Merch Has Hit the Internet KAMALA WALZ 2024 2024 U.S. Open Livestream: How to Watch the Tennis Tournament Online Without Cable tennis livestream Here’s How to Get Taylor Swift Eras Tour Tickets (Even if They’ve Sold Out) We Know Places More Editors' Picks "If they want to shut me down, I’ll sue them into oblivion. It’s not my fault they created this loophole" Can a Weed Hustler Go Legit? By Jay Bulger Rolling Stone Reports The CIA Sent Him Deep Undercover to Spy on Islamic Radicals. It Cost Him Everything Inside Sammy Davis Jr.’s Secret Satanic Past Bad Boy for Life: Sean Combs’ History of Violence He Took a Psychedelic to Cure His Addiction. It Was His Last Trip More More News Incubus Go Back to the Garden Backstage with Incubus at their 'Morning View' anniversary show at Madison Square Garden. Photo Gallery By Angie Martoccio Charli XCX to Star in Erotic Thriller With Olivia Wilde and Cooper Hoffman The British pop star will be included in the Gregg Araki-directed movie, I Want Your Sex Movie Magic By Tomás Mier Stevie Wonder Wonders 'Can We Fix Our Nation's Broken Heart' on First New Song in Four Years The music icon hasn't released any music since the last presidential election Unity By Jon Blistein Steve Silberman Has Died. His Work on the Grateful Dead and David Crosby Is Eternal The music and tech writer, and author of NeuroTribes: The Legacy of Autism and the Future of Neurodiversity, died this week at 66 TRIBUTE By David Browne Jhayco Says His 'Vida Rockstar' Era Is About Ending Feuds – And Channeling Hot Topic How does one become a reggaeton rock star? Jhayco has some ideas — and they come in the form of a new album, out Sept. 6 Exclusive By Suzy Exposito Dinah Jane Honors Her Polynesian Heritage With Debut EP 'Juice County, Vol. 1' "There was never pressure of trying to get a number one record on the agenda, the goal was to simply set a foundation by pouring back into me!" she wrote on Instagram 🍊🍊🍊 By Tomás Mier Read more Content by RS culture council What's This? Opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not reflect the views of Rolling Stone editors or publishers.Content is produced and managed by the Rolling Stone Culture Council, a fee-based, invitation-only membership community, operated by Culture Council, LLC, under license from Rolling Stone Licensing, LLC. Visit council.rollingstone.com to find out if you qualify to be a member. Questions about an article? Email concierge@rollingstonecouncil.com. More Looking to Collab With Another Brand? Eight Steps to Guarantee Their Interest What an American Crime Film Can Teach About Doing What’s Right, Not What’s Easy Killing Is Easy, It’s Hiding the Body That’s Tough: How to Approach Unforgettable Plot Twists Setting The Ground Rules for AI Usage 11 Ways to Combat 'Quiet Quitting' and Better Engage Your Employees More Go to PMC.com Most Popular Winona Ryder Gets Frustrated by Her Younger Co-Stars Who 'Are Not Interested in Movies': 'The First Thing They Say' Is 'How Long Is It?' All About RFK Jr.'s Daughter Kick Kennedy Amid Rumors She's Dating Ben Affleck Tim Burton Explains Why Alec Baldwin and Geena Davis Aren't in 'Beetlejuice' Sequel Mariah Carey's Mother And Sister Die The Same Day, Singer Confirms: "My Heart Is Broken" You might also like Jude Law Says Neo-Nazi Crime Thriller ‘The Order’ ‘Needed to Be Made Now’: ‘Sadly, the Relevance Speaks for Itself’ 4 hours ago Miu Miu Women’s Tales Returns to Film Festival in Venice 5 hours ago The Best Yoga Mats for Any Practice, According to Instructors 6 months ago Telluride 2024 Starts the Oscar Talk: ‘September 5,’ ‘Emilia Pérez,’ ‘Nickel Boys’ and More 9 hours ago Disney, DirecTV NFL Fight Faces Sunday Deadline 13 hours ago Rolling Stone Music Politics TV & Movies (Sub)Culture Staff Contact Advertise Shop Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use AdChoices PMC Entertainment California Privacy Rights Your Privacy Choices EU Privacy Preferences Accessibility Policy on Anonymous Sources Follow Us Facebook Instagram TikTok X YouTube Newsletter Signup Enter Your Email Subscribe By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. Got a Hot News Tip? We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Send Us a Tip Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2024 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Sites Art in America Artforum Artnews ATX TV ATX TV Festival BGR Billboard BlogHer Deadline Flow Space Footwear News GoldDerby IndieWire LA3C Life is Beautiful Robb Report Rolling Stone SheKnows Soaps Sourcing Journal Sportico Spy StyleCaster The Hollywood Reporter TVLine Variety Vibe WWD Log In Welcome Manage Account Manage Print Account Sign Out Music News Features Lists Album Reviews Live Reviews Artists You Need To Know Songs You Need To Know RS Country RS Latin Politics News Features Lists Shop TV & Movies News Features Lists Recaps Reviews Video & Photos Photos Videos The Cover Musicians on Musicians (Sub)Culture News Features Lists Creators RS Gaming RS Films RS Recommends Reviews RS Essentials RS Audio Awards Gift Guides Culture Council Subscription Icon Follow Us Facebook Instagram TikTok X YouTube Alerts & Newsletters Email Address Sign Up By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. ad